Docs for workers (#959)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/workers/index.md

    models:
      - from: foo
        order: 2
      - from: bar
        order: 1
      - from: baz
        order: 3
```

## Use-Cases

Workers currently help implement:

- Model fallback and error handling
- Load balancing across multiple models

## Usage

Workers can be invoked using the same API endpoints as individual models. For example, to call a worker named `fallback` using the OpenAI-compatible HTTP API:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8090/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "model": "fallback",
    "messages": [{ "role": "user", "content": "Tell me a joke"}]
  }'
```

## Roadmap

The vision for workers includes support for dynamic serverless compute, enabling execution of user-defined functions within the Spice runtime. This direction aims to help developers define custom logic and orchestration patterns directly in the worker configuration, supporting more advanced workflows and automation. Further details and implementation timelines will be provided in future updates. For ongoing progress, refer to the project repository and documentation.

## Further Reading

> For a complete specification of worker configuration, routing rules, and available options, refer to the [Spicepod Workers Reference](https://your-docs-domain.com/docs/reference/spicepod/workers.md#models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete specification of worker configuration, routing rules, and available options, refer to the [Spicepod Workers Reference](/website/docs/reference/spicepod/workers.md#models).
```

---
title: 'Workers'
sidebar_label: 'Workers'
description: 'Overview of configurable workers in the Spice runtime.'
---

Workers define a pattern of usage for one or more other spicepod components. The type of workers include:

>  - [Routers](/docs/components/workers/routers.md): Define routing rules how one or more [llms](/docs/components/models/index.md) can be combined into a logically single model.

Reviewer 2: > Define routing rules how one or more

Not sure what this is trying to say?

    models:
      - from: foo
        order: 2
      - from: bar
        order: 1
      - from: baz
        order: 3
```

## Use-Cases

Workers currently help implement:

- Model fallback and error handling
- Load balancing across multiple models

## Usage

Workers can be invoked using the same API endpoints as individual models. For example, to call a worker named `fallback` using the OpenAI-compatible HTTP API:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8090/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "model": "fallback",
    "messages": [{ "role": "user", "content": "Tell me a joke"}]
  }'
```

## Roadmap

The vision for workers includes support for dynamic serverless compute, enabling execution of user-defined functions within the Spice runtime. This direction aims to help developers define custom logic and orchestration patterns directly in the worker configuration, supporting more advanced workflows and automation. Further details and implementation timelines will be provided in future updates. For ongoing progress, refer to the project repository and documentation.

## Further Reading

> For a complete specification of worker configuration, routing rules, and available options, refer to the [Spicepod Workers Reference](https://your-docs-domain.com/docs/reference/spicepod/workers.md#models).

Reviewer 2: This link needs to be updated
